README.md, before:

##Specs
Take a persons age in years and convert it into seconds
input: 18
output: 568036800
1 year = 31557600

take two dates and determine the difference, in seconds, between the two.(This way a user can enter a birthdate and the application can compare the birthdate against the current time to come up with an accurate age.)

input: 08/12/1991
output: 842227200000

current date 04/20/2018(1524207600) - 08/12/1991(681980400)

return age of human in Mercury years.( mercury year is .24 earth years)
input:08/12/1991
output: 108

return age of human in Venus years.(venus year is .61 earth years)
input:08/12/1991
output:42

return age of human in Mars years.(mars years is 1.88 earth years)
input:08/12/1991
output:14

return age of human in Jupiter years.(a jupiter year is 11.86)
input:08/12/1991
output: 2
Determine how many years a user has left to live on each planet… (yikes!) To do this, the
application will have to calculate the user’s life expectancy. You can determine average life
expectancy as you see fit. A simple way to do this would be to have the user input the average
life expectancy for their demographic. A more involved way to do this would be to collect other
information from the user (e.g. lifestyle, country of residence, activity level, etc.) to
determine their life expectancy.
If a user has already surpassed the average life expectancy, return the number of years they
have lived past the life expectancy.

Commit message:

add new spec for calculating user life expectancy

README.md, after:

##Specs
Take a persons age in years and convert it into seconds
input: 18
output: 568036800
1 year = 31557600

take two dates and determine the difference, in seconds, between the two.(This way a user can enter a birthdate and the application can compare the birthdate against the current time to come up with an accurate age.)

input: 08/12/1991
output: 842227200000

current date 04/20/2018(1524207600) - 08/12/1991(681980400)

return age of human in Mercury years.( mercury year is .24 earth years)
input:08/12/1991
output: 108

return age of human in Venus years.(venus year is .61 earth years)
input:08/12/1991
output:42

return age of human in Mars years.(mars years is 1.88 earth years)
input:08/12/1991
output:14

return age of human in Jupiter years.(a jupiter year is 11.86)
input:08/12/1991
output: 2

Determine how many years a user has left to live on each planet… (yikes!) To do this, the
application will have to calculate the user’s life expectancy. You can determine average life
expectancy as you see fit. A simple way to do this would be to have the user input the average
life expectancy for their demographic.


Spec: user inputs average life expectancy and then calculator determines how long they have left to live.
input: 80(everage life expectancy)
(current age = 60. 80 - 60 = 20)
output: 20 years left


A more involved way to do this would be to collect other
information from the user (e.g. lifestyle, country of residence, activity level, etc.) to
determine their life expectancy.
If a user has already surpassed the average life expectancy, return the number of years they
have lived past the life expectancy.
